fix(astro): Use correct `endpoint` option (#804)
ascorbic/unpic-img: .changeset/smart-jokes-serve.md

---
"@unpic/astro": patch
---

> If you're using `trailingSlash: 'always'` and images inside MDX those images might not display during `astro dev`. They should now show correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug that caused images in MDX files to sometimes not display when using`trailingSlash: 'always'`. 
```
